
Sessa Englund is a freelance Art Director and Senior Designer working in NYC, making both functional (and dysfunctional) work. 
For more information and resume email sessamenglund [at] gmail [dot] com or DM @sessasessasessa

@sessasessasessa, my Instagram feed, digital print, acrylic keyrings, varying size, 2016 Each keyring corresponds to one image from my Instagram feed, they are sold for $2 each, once a keyring is purchased the original digital image is deleted off Instagram.

Redesign and re-launch of Unique Board online platform connecting creatives with other like minded talents. The platform allows its users to upload and share their own work, browse other creatives portfolios, as well as offers a platform to communicate and connects. I worked as Art Director and Senior Designer on developing this project, it is currently in process of being built.

Website exhibition design and branding created for Black Eye, a contemporary artist collective created by Nicola Vassell. Working alongside Andreas Neophytou (Senior Creative Director) I was given full responsibility to design the mobile and desktop website, as well as material for the exhibition and a series of limited edition wheat paste-posters.

Updated print and online campaign completed at Spring Studios NYC for Calvin Klein. I worked as a Designer and Jr Art Director alongside Simona Ternblom (Creative Director) and Alisa Omi (Director of User Experience) to complete an online interactive fit-guide and updated print campaign. I was extensively involved in creating and designing the look and function of the online denim fit-guide. I was also able to use my experience in motion design to work and solve several technical problems that arose from the original material being used in this creation.


Web and in-situ design for Verizon in its new branding (created by Pentagram) by AKQA for Verizon. Working alongside Edward Senf (Sr. AD) and Alisa Omi (Director of User Experience), I helped design and edit elements and pages for the new Verizon in store tablet and signage. This involved helping and working on Ux, Ui, layout and concepting under the lead of Norman Rabinovich (ACD) and Carlos Perez (ACD).

Desktop and mobile design for Bride & Blossoms online e-commerce site. Site includes search functions for easy navigation. Designed and produced by Katherine Alvarado and Sessa Englund.


Cura is a semi-annual exhibition that examines the position of artists who curate. For each exhibition we invite three artists to work together to create a collaborative show born out of conversation between the participating artists. Each show is accompanied by an essay on the subject by an invited author. The title of "curator" has historically been reserved for those with advanced degrees in their chosen fields. This institutional backing has given weight to their judgements on what is capital-A "Art" and what isn't. Yet the origin of the word "curate" doesnt stem from a background of academic selection, but rather from the Latin word cura, meaning to care for. A new generation of artists have started performing the role of curator, caring for the work of their peers and creating new collaborative environments. This show emerged from the reality that artists today use curation not only as a form of organization within their communities, but also as an inseparable part of their artistic practice. This shift can be seen as both a positive thing for artists (claiming greater agency over the dissemination of their work), but also as a reflection of the realities of the contemporary labor market—fixed identities are dead, fluid personal enterprises reign supreme. Is the traditional role of the academic curator necessary, or is a new role emerging from the shifting landscape of artists as organizers? At Cura we will explore these questions by making visible the new networks that exist between artists, curators, and their collaborators. Next Cura is scheduled to open Winter, 2016

Worse For Wear, Fall 2016 campaign. A ready to wear collection of LQQKs designed with a patterned custom fabric designed using circular repetitive scribbles (sourced from the designers old notebooks and school essays) as an unintended by-product of the designers struggle with depression and OCD as a child. Shot by Elizabeth Renstrom. Worn by Rafia. Designed by Sessa Englunds teenage angst.


Sad Mugs, artists digital photography, ceramic mugs. Each time the artist cries they have documented themselves using their laptop, then subsequently turning these images into souvenir-mugs which are sold for $12.99. 

The strangest breif I have ever recieved was to create a series of photos depicting a "mature and sophisticated take on Mr Potato Head". The resulting work is so strange that it has become one of my favorite portfolio pieces...


